I've been alone Batman one swing can
call kami when I have but they opened it
that open the gate to the public and
that's it I've never been on since the
kill yeah
they're nosy - come here to build a
decibel tree I'm on a three-year deal
I'm basically me fully empowered in the
Pacific forgivable do fine for less
because other than pushing six alpha K
like a pro she started to prove I
splashed you know question particle
fragrance and no wallet
deployment keyboarding after India 1 1 3
comma 3 the entire evening continued
approach one humble ones have 6 3 4 0 5
knots never another 3 3 in India one of
you to be honest
Lu about three six went 3 4 0 5 knots
from my three 331 settle and I'm 83 at
beer one or three
that's number six I have a kilo it's a
sexy so six alpha kilo taxi holding
point echo one for my three three first
left via Delta Q h101 another 600 kilo
at xeo on Echo one and runway three
three if I up those oh excuse me
mangia want
we have grants this 41 good day aw come
on Albert Speer five other information
about the request cleared so four to
five further mlo versus the Zurich
account III delft departure squawking -
0 1 5 4 - fire fire 833 Carly tweedell
gopher equal to 0 or 5 quarterback ready
so it's 45 Roger read backtracks report
ready to push the stuff on the top you
can see woman a desk four three one
eight decimal for you everybody
three four - five five tarantia 1 1 3
taxi holding point echo five echo the
point of nickel favorite beer one
what'd you find
echo one roommate three three sets.i
conception 3405 locked and loaded
perfectly a majestic service related
stay with another phenomenal
6:09 placating right touches down five
six right Y Alpha Delta Victor
that's the step five six layer al-fath
themself Victor federal five six five
sorry alpha delta wing festival in extra
930 I will actually clip one three three
zero five two on to the elimination